and there comes the tip with the rossi egg
what to do if you open raisins pesitos
the but step does not pass them opened like
so that I can not continue then accelerated
is for being second 1 third in some
moment came with some problem or matías
just a small one and tromba on the straight
and then the place where more complicated
that's why they see that he's always looking for
in it will be or will be that little bitch brought it
short accelerator rossi and he was put to the
bebe girolami that neither what
accelerates goes too much to take care of the bull
and the fight goes on and rossi who was trying
move forward meanwhile they collide
the son diego up to the baby view what
I wear a little while max and juan
maximum attended to diego and I already say
we bard and then several others
Once they were on the side of the road
Bebu who was taking care not to spend
too much the right foot rossi that
I took a turn away from him
going over in the curve was not that I was
bad in the senate good and little bit
that the mouth died said sectors glue
and several cars were left out
repeat the story in the final
A) Yes
raising everywhere celebrating that
It is good to know or badly
but not good either slowly
and if I do not come to run, I come to
win and the team come lifting
doing more than the truth I do not know in
what career did I have that I am in
auto a fork distinctive product
offering the entire platoon
I do not know if it goes to procedure or not but I
I think you have to take action
well everyone complained the question is
that the baby ran to win by
position series and achieving the third
triumph in the girolami category with the
bull well up not only wins the final
but also that it fits as a leader
of the championship of the tc 2012 victory for
first time for makin park the
I celebrate the joy and the highest the
egg that deserved this triumph the crying
the tears the champagne mendoza was for
he very effusive the me
how did you see rossi the dew rhythm
happy the truth that brought us everything to
the harrow I do not know if I had any problem
because the car later as he
He reacted and went straight While
hairpin like he was stopping and not
let alone when we ran say
sees slow down everyone but they came
national has improved but they came
too much playing and so what back
causes an accident like the previous one in
the first laps and mine because
they raise in the slowest understand
then there are all the
brothers and they call them I know how was the
horn not to hit the car ahead
they hit me from behind and it's been a
traffic all crashing and there was that
slow to zero and try to dodge all
I'm surprised by the pace of the cars
back they had because if we see the
series what I was doing was not a thing
final is another was the and told experience
what is the point to which it can be
slow down a race
no no I do not see loads lenses and I
it seems that the burdens that run it say
that historically was also
penalized by the sports code
international if you can not travel to
a speed other than that of the
competition requirement this does not
I'm saying that someone has what
I have done the opposite because I also
we can find a slow return of a
pile and layer that has a problem what
what happens if we make this custom
it's a problem so I think the
limit can be easily evaluated first
with a time and second check
if that is repetitive in fact there are people
It seems that it has few
intentions to win and that yes not that
that does not have to be promoted under any
point of view it seems to me that those
are directing certain pilots to
that they do not win are causing the
motorsport change mentality and that
I do not think it has to happen